adding defaultRedirectUri to application resource and new redirectUri… (#18270)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/application.md

| appRoles | [appRole](approle.md) collection | The collection of roles assigned to the application. With [app role assignments](approleassignment.md), these roles can be assigned to users, groups, or service principals associated with other applications. Not nullable. |
|certification|[certification](certification.md)|Specifies the certification status of the application.|
| createdDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The date and time the application was registered. The DateTimeOffset type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only. <br><br> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `in`, and `eq` on `null` values) and `$orderBy`. |

> |defaultRedirectUri|string|Default redirect Uri. If specified, Azure AD is going to send the token to that redirect Uri if there is no explicit redirect Uri in the sign-in request for SAML and OIDC flows. Also, Azure AD is going to send the token to the default redirect Uri in SAML IdP initiated single sign-on. The value needs to match one of the configured redirect Uris for the application.|

Reviewer: - Wording suggestion
- Q: Is it Azure AD that handles the token or is it the Microsoft Identity Platform, of which Azure AD is a part of?
- For the last sentence, are we referring to the values in the **identifierUris** property?

```suggestion
|defaultRedirectUri|String|The default redirect URI. If specified, the Microsoft Identity Platform will send the token to the redirect URI if there is no explicit redirect URI in the sign-in request for SAML and OIDC flows, and in SAML IdP-initiated single sign-on. The value must match one of the configured **identifierUris** for the application.|
```

| deletedDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The date and time the application was deleted. The DateTimeOffset type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only. |
| description | String | Free text field to provide a description of the application object to end users. The maximum allowed size is 1024 characters. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `startsWith`) and `$search`. |

> | disabledByMicrosoftStatus | String | Specifies whether Microsoft has disabled the registered application. Possible values are: `null` (default value), `NotDisabled`, and `DisabledDueToViolationOfServicesAgreement` (reasons may include suspicious, abusive, or malicious activity, or a violation of the Microsoft Services Agreement). <br><br> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`). |

Reviewer: Add the defaultRedirectUri property in the JSON representation section after the relationships table.
